Add CHANGELOG and Update README (#9)
turbot/flowpipe-mod-github: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.1.0 [2023-12-13]

_What's new?_

> - Added 35+ pipelines to enable seamless integration of GitHub services and more. For usage information and a full list of pipelines, please see [GitHub Mod for Flowpipe](https://hub.flowpipe.io/mods/turbot/github).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added 35+ pipelines to make it easy to connect your issue, pull request, repository resources and more. For usage information and a full list of pipelines, please see [GitHub Mod for Flowpipe](https://hub.flowpipe.io/mods/turbot/github).
```
